Hello, this is 3708.
When you hear the tone, please leave your name, telephone number and any message.
Thank you.
Here is the tone.
Mrs. O'Moore, my name is Nick Bazbaines.
We spoke briefly a number of months ago, and I wrote you a letter.
I've been writing a book about the formation of libraries and book collections, and I've been eager to talk to your husband about the garden.
I wonder if either you could give me a call.
I'm at 508-839-4404.
Thank you very much.
Do you want a band?
Yeah, please.
Hello, this is 743-2886.
Your call is being answered electronically.
When you hear the tone, please leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message.
Thank you.
Here is the tone.
Mrs. O'Moore, this is Nick Basbane.
I've been trying to get in touch with either you or your husband.
I would very much like to speak to Dr. O'Moore.
We met briefly at the garden sale last year.
I indicated to him how I am writing a book about the formation of book collections.
I would very much like to include him in it.
I can be reached at 508-839-4404.
Thank you.
Hello.
You have reached 487-5160.
If you'd like to leave a message for David Waxman, please do so after the beat.
Thank you.
Yes, Mr. Waxman.
My name is Nick Bazbaines.
I'm a writer from Massachusetts.
I'm doing a book on the formation of book collections in libraries, and I would like to talk to you.
Perhaps you saw my piece in the New York Times Book Review.
couple weeks ago i am writing a book and i think that we have some things we could talk about i can be reached at 508-839-4404
You're telling me about... I told you that this is an important book about an important woman.
She was the most powerful woman in America.
And on the face of it, no, would a hairdresser matter?
No, that's all it was.
But this was the first lady saying... What will it tell us about... This was the first lady bumping... Bumping the White House photographer, who's supposed to be recording history, just so her hairdresser can get on to take pictures of this... What does it tell us about the presidency?
Wow.
As Geraldine Ferraro said about two weeks ago on TV in New York, they asked her, they said, do you believe everything in this book?
She said, I sure do.
And it sure answers that one question.
Can a woman run the White House?
And I think it's important there are four books.
He's not yet been sued by anybody.
Exactly.
Well, Frank Snatcher sued before I'd written the word, but he had to drop the lawsuit.
And also, Nick, I write about people who are alive.
It's a lot harder to write about people who are alive.
And the process of documentation that I had to go through, I mean, these people were saying, I have alienated the establishment press corps with this book because this book shows the press asleep at the wheel.
So they're taking out after the messenger.
But the standards of documentation is, look, we're excruciating.
Batteries of lawyers.
They're here.
This is Christopher Lodd.